Fixed subscriptions and announcements not being blockable (#4748)
Chatterino/chatterino2: CHANGELOG.md

- Bugfix: Fixed highlights sometimes not working after changing sound device, or switching users in your operating system. (#4729)
- Bugfix: Fixed key bindings not showing in context menus on Mac. (#4722)
- Bugfix: Fixed tab completion rarely completing the wrong word. (#4735)

> - Bugfix: Fixed subscriptions and announcements not being blockable (#4748)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bugfix: Fixed an issue where Subscriptions & Announcements that contained ignored phrases would still appear if the Block option was enabled. (#4748)
```
